hey marketing technology or maag is
overwhelming and confusing sometimes so
I want to help you entangle it so you
know how to deal with a MAAC stack and
approach MAAC with a sense of a Clarity
so let me make one thing clear it
doesn't matter what types of marketing
you do you need to understand the tag
and the back end regardless it's modern
marketing you have to understand
technology why the more you understand
how technology and platform work
together the better you will be at
connecting different dots the better you
can connect different dots the more you
can think
holistically and the more you can think
holistically the better you are at
communicating with your management at
the Strategic
level being able to converse with
management at that strategic level is so
critical so critical if you want to move
up or get
promoted understanding how Technologies
work has many benefits number one
scalability if you decide to scale your
marketing effort to different regions
and geographies you need technologies
help
period number two ultimate processes to
do more with less that will make you
more efficient technology sometimes can
be a burden but if you do it right it
you can do more with less number three
enable data driven decision making by
integrating all the customer data
together right three
benefits at the same time here are three
simple ways to entangle MCH customer
Journey website and the cin so I'm going
to go into each one of them number one
one Define customer journey by your
marketing channels it took me a long
time to fully understand what customer
Journey really means yeah all the
surface it means like a journey your
customer takes to find you okay that
sounds good but they are millions
options that the customer can come to
you and you don't know which options of
a combination of a touch point that they
did to get to you
should you actually look at all those
option and try to control them oh no
that would be
crazy the customer Journey should be
defined as how you want to guide your
prospects based on your intended
channels focus on what you can control
for example you might run LinkedIn pay
ads to promote your webinar and that
will lead to a registration s it and
after the webinar you will send out a
thank you note based on the prospect's
attendance or lag thereof then you
follow up with several drip emails based
on what you should do or they should do
to Peak their interest right and the
code to action may be talking to sales
or get to know your products better on
the drip email the code to action is
very important made it as clear as as
possible better yet the code to action
is contact sales so if someone reply to
your email you know they want to talk to
sales and you can route that as sales
qualified lead to
cim so now you think about it the flow
is LinkedIn Pay Act to registration page
to post webinar thank you email with Cod
to action of contacting sales to drip
email and then if they reply why you
route the contact sales lead directly to
C to notify your sales team so that by
itself it's a MX stat is that
helpful so it's a guided customer
Journey your customer experience should
focus on that and make that as seamless
as possible and also the content you
offer along the way should be as
personal personalize what useful as
possible make it about them focus on the
journey that you can
control number two connect your website
to C or marketing
automation the website is no longer a
standalone online presence email
subscription contact forms webinar
registration whatnot only to flow into
marketing automation tool tools or even
contact information into cim depending
on your lead and the prospect vetting
processes think about it this way let's
say you have a website on the website
you will find the email subscriptions
contact forms webinar
registration all of the customer and
Prospect information needs to float into
the marketing automation especially the
initial Prospect information and based
on how the prospects engage on your
website some of that customer data may
need to flow into cim especially after
they are
vetted build a MCH stack to flow
information from your website to
marketing Automation and cim it's also
another way that you can look at your MX
stack number three know your CRM well
for a long time
cim was primarily on the sales side now
Salesforce has marketing Cloud HubSpot
has a sales C many marketing and sales
platforms are trying to integrate sales
and marketing together as much as they
can as a marketer you need to know cim
well only by nocm can you track the
contribution of marketing down to the
middle and the bottom of the purchase
funnel you need to personally know cim
not counting I mean not accounting on
marketing Ops and other functions to do
that job for you by no ecim you'll know
which accounts are viewing your content
or which members of sales are using your
content to reach out especially if you
are a content
manager if you are an email marketing
manager with the code to of a contact
sales you'll know who contact sales and
what happened
after the more you know about your
company cim the better off you are it's
data it's
intelligence right that's assuming your
sales are using cim properly if they
don't use C then that's a completely
different issues that you need to tackle
separately so here are three ways to
understand your company's MX stack you
kind of break them down a little bit
right you break it down into a scope
that you can manage customer Journey
website and
cim if you feel overwhelmed by new
technologies just start with one of them
first all right if you are content
manager maybe you should understand the
back end of the website to see who view
the content and how these viewers act in
cim if you are doing pay media identify
your pay media journey and see if the
code to action leads to a landing page
or the contact sale is something that
you can try again down to the CRM
level learning how to use new tools
takes time trust me it does oh my God
I'm trying to learn about AI tools you
know how much
time I spent like trying to write and
optimize my prompts is so much work so
much work in the meantime trying to
define the specific parts of Mach that
you want to understand tackle that first
then move on to something else after
again reach out if you have any
questions if you need some words of
encouragement my digital door here's my
door it's always open take care
bye
e